{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
-------The \'93Basic 13\'94\'a0------- \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 These are Coding Dojo\'92s foundation \'93Basic 13\'94 algorithm\'a0challenges. For each, write a JavaScript function -a suggested function name is included below. Can you finish all of these challenges in less than two minutes each?\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print 1-255\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 print1To255()\'a0 \
Print all the integers from 1 to 255.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print Ints and Sum 0-255\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 printIntsAndSum0To255()\'a0 \
Print integers from 0 to 255, and with each integer print the sum so far.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print Max of Array \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 printMaxOfArray(arr)\'a0 \
Given an array, find and print its largest element.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Return Odds Array 1-255\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 returnOddsArray1To255()\'a0 \
Create an array with all the odd integers between 1 and 255 (inclusive).\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Return Array Count Greater than Y\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 returnArrayCountGreaterThanY(arr, y)\'a0 \
Given an array and a value Y, count and print the number of array values greater than Y.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print Max, Min, Average Array Values \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 printMaxMinAverageArrayVals(arr)\'a0 \
Given an array, print the max, min and average values for that array.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Swap String for Array Negative Values \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 swapStringForArrayNegativeVals(arr
\b0 \'a0
\b )\'a0
\b0 Given an array of numbers, replace any negative values with the string\'a0
\b 'Dojo'
\b0 \'a0. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print Odds 1-255\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 printOdds1To255()\'a0 \
Print all odd integers from 1 to 255.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print Array Values\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 printArrayVals(arr)\'a0 \
Iterate through a given array, printing each value.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Print Average of Array \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 printAverageOfArray(arr)\'a0 \
Analyze an array\'92s values and print the average.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Square Array Values\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 squareArrayVals(arr)\'a0 \
Square each value in a given array, returning that same array with changed values.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Zero Out Array Negative Numbers \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 zeroOutArrayNegativeVals(arr)\'a0 \
Return the given array, after setting any negative values to zero.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Shift Array Values Left\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 shiftArrayValsLeft(arr)\'a0 \
Given an array, move all values forward (to the left) by one index, dropping the first value and leaving a\'a0
\b 0\'a0
\b0 (zero) value at the end of the array. \
}